---
publish: true
title: Postdoctoral Associate in Computational Genomics (IGVF)
pdf:
---

<p>
Multiple Postdoctoral positions and a Project Manager position are available as part of the Impact of Genomic Variation on Function (IGVF; http://igvf.org/) consortium in the Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics at the University of Michigan Medical School in the labs of Alan Boyle, Ryan Mills, and Joshua Welch. Broadly, our labs focus on enabling biological discovery through the application of computational approaches to genomic data. Our groups at the University of Michigan represent a predictive modeling U01 as part of the $185M NHGRI IGVF project spanning 30 US research sites.
<br><br>
These positions will focus on methods for analyzing and integrating single-cell RNA-seq data, single-cell epigenome data, and high throughput genomic perturbation data as part of the IGVF consortium with the goal of mapping genotype to phenotype. We are specifically focused on mapping genotype to changes in gene regulation and predicting how these gene regulation changes result in an overall shift in cell states. Ultimately this predicting in shifts of cell state will result in improved understanding of abnormal disease states in disease. A unique benefit of this position is the rich set of collaborative and leadership opportunities available both at Michigan and as part of the close integration with the IGVF consortium. Importantly, we will also focus on career development of these positions with the ultimate goal of helping the postdoc develop their own independent research program.
<br><br>
Desired Qualifications: The applicant should have (or be near completion of) a Ph.D. in a computational or biological field and a track record of published research commensurate with their field. The applicant should have strong computational skills and proficiency in programming (ideally C/C++, Java, perl, python, or R). The successful candidate will have excellent organization and communication skills, collaborative spirit and strong personal motivation. Evidence of scholarly productivity in the form of journal articles, conference proceedings, and/or conference presentations is mandatory. English language proficiency is required.
<br><br>
Interested applicants should submit a brief statement of interest, CV, and contact information for three references. For questions regarding the position, please contact Dr. Alan Boyle at apboyle@umich.edu. Review of applications begins September 1, 2022. 
</p>
