---
publish: true
title: Postdoctoral Associate in Molecular Biology / Genomics
pdf:
---

<p>
A postdoctoral position is available with Dr. Alan Boyle in the Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics and the Department of Human Genetics at the University of Michigan Medical School. This is a highly interdisciplinary lab focused on both genetic and epigenetic transcriptional regulation of genes. This position is focused on investigation of repressive elements on global gene expression in cancer. You will work in a group that has actively developed and applied new genomic techniques to relevant biological problems. Ideal applicants will have experience with eukaryotic genetics and current genomics and molecular biology methodologies.
<br><br>
The applicant will be involved in a NCI funded research project focusing heavily on human molecular genetic techniques including cell culture, cloning, transformation, and FACS with the ultimate goal of developing a high-throughput reporter assay that allows for efficient and robust identification and characterization of novel negative regulatory elements and expanding our understanding of the role that NREs play in gene regulation across many cancer cell types.
Importantly, we will also focus on career development of these positions with the ultimate goal of helping the postdoc develop their own independent research program.
<br><br>
Desired Qualifications: The applicant should have (or be near completion of) a Ph.D. in Cell Biology, Molecular Biology, or related field and significant experience in a molecular biology lab setting. The candidate should have strong written and oral communication skills, maintain good laboratory records, have the ability to work under deadlines with general guidance, and to contribute to manuscripts, grants, and presentations. The candidate is expected to work well with our team and contribute to a productive lab environment. Evidence of scholarly productivity in the form of journal articles, conference proceedings, and/or conference presentations is mandatory. English language proficiency is required.
<br><br>
Interested applicants should submit a brief statement of interest, CV, and contact information for three references. For questions regarding the position, please contact Dr. Alan Boyle at apboyle@umich.edu. Review of applications begins September 1, 2022
</p>
